Fix typos on doc (#12689)
ethereum/solidity: docs/contracts/using-for.rst

    }

Note that all external library calls are actual EVM function calls. This means that

> if you pass memory or value types, a copy will be performed, even on the

Reviewer: I think this is not a typo but both `on` and `of` sounds slightly off to me here. How about `in case of`?
```suggestion
if you pass memory or value types, a copy will be performed, even in case of the
```

Reviewer 2: The commas also look slightly confusing to me. The sentence is a bit hard to read to improving it might make sense in any case!
